RHCSA Practice questions:

note: if not mentioned then the password is "biriyani"

SESRVER A:
Q1. configure the network:
    A.  IP Adress:- 10.0.0.2
        subnetmask:- 255.255.255.0
        Gateway:- 10.0.0.3
        DNS:- 10.0.0.3
    B. set the hostname as servera.puja.com

Q2. yum configuration:-
    A.  repo name should be PujaBaseOS
        Base URL for this repo file:///run/media/....../BaseOS
    B. repo name should be PujaAppStream
        Base URL for this repo is file:///run/media/....../AppStream


Q3. configuration for newly created user:
    A. password myst expire in 5 days
    B. a file name AdminPuja should be created automatically at the time of user creation in their respective home directories
        the content of this file should be "Hi, this message is from your admin Puja"

Q4. when user biriyani creates any file or directory the default permission should be.
    for file:  -rw--w-r--
    for directory:    drwx-wxr-x


Q5. ceate a user adminpuja with user id as your birth year
    the home directory for adminpuja should be /home/sweethome
    set the password as "biriyani"
    delete the user muttonbiriyani and also it's home directory


Q6. job scheduling.
    in every 2 min between 8PM-10PM a command logger "log generated by adminpuja" should be executed by adminpuja user everyday

Q7. The company wants to run the web browser on a non-standard port 84. fix the problem
    a. the webserver should be able to serve it's webpages
    b. web server should be started automatically after system reboot
    c. [EXTRA] webserver should be accessible from outside



SERVER B:
Q1. login as root with password biriyani

Q2 add a swap partition of 512MiB
    the partition should be persistent across reboots

Q3. the recommended profile shoudl be the default profile for you system

[EXTRA QUESTION]
Q. the user rohan wants to find adminpuja's secret. But he didn't remember the exect file name where she had written her secret. the only thing he can remember is the word "puja" is in the name of that file, and the extention of that file is .txt (for example ab12puja3.txt).
But there are so many files in this formate. rohan is confused. Then rohan guess that there must be a word "Love" in that secret file's content. get the secret of adminpuja.

